Hey
Teacher Fang, what's wrong with you?
Are you packing up to move?
It's not why the shop quit
Hahahahaha
Of course, because this store already belongs to me.
Uncle Feng Jing, weren't you fired?
Teacher Fang
Why did he come back?
我爸让我嫁给黄翔
我不同意
Just let me clean up the shop for them
Feng Jing said that today is not the day yet
What are you doing here?
I came to see
Did you secretly transfer my baby?
After all, how much is the stuff in this house worth?
Don't worry.
I won't take anything here.
Hey hand yes yes yes
What are you hiding?
Take it out!
Nothing humph
Don't think I don't know hurry up
Ah!
Yo, I said you kid hid something
That's a good prediction.
Hahaha I tell you
Anything in this room
Can't take it away?
Take it if you like.
Why did you give him your stuff, Mr. Fang?
If he likes it, give it to him.
Don't you have nowhere to go? Why don't you go to my store?
We work together
Boy, don't think you've offended the Fang family and the royal family
Nothing happened at all
I heard you have an antique shop
Why did the ordered goods not arrive yet, hahaha?
Hey, what's up?
Bridge, your shipment was stopped.
None of those meteorites are allowed to enter the voyage. What?